BuildAWhale Project Update with @themarkymark
@officialfuzzy:  you want to step up and chat a little bit
about the buildawhale
@themarkymark: hey now it's going yeah so for those who
don't know buildawhale
is a bidding bot you send $0.50 SBD or more
we raised it because of things I'm
going to talk about and then we do a bid or a
vote down in about 2 hours and 40
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: minutes and that's how our cycle works
similar to a booster and all the other
ones nothing new there and then we have human
curation at the back-end where we review all
the posts that come in there's about
a hundred plus a day it's getting to be a lot
more now and we review it we
pick 5 of them each day and we do a daily
digest and put that out on BuildaWhale
as well and then now we're doing a contest in
a weekend where on Saturdays
we announce the five best curated articles
for the week
picked from all the curators and then the
community can go and vote up and
pick which ones they think should win and
then the winners get WhaleShares
for winning that, theres a first, second and
third place for that, we
announced it yesterday and we're about to
announce the contenders for this week
the other thing I wanted announces we now
have 250,000 steem power so we are
now officially a whale and we're dropping I
think it's like 33 $34 votes
and it's going up as the seven-day average of
steem goes up so it will be in
a 35-40 range real soon we also have a
giveaway where anyone
that resteems our digest has an opportunity
of winning a free sponsored
curation and like we said before the
sponsored curation is you could pay
three steem to buildawhale and bypass the
entire queue and not have to be
curated through all the hundred plus posts
and you'd be featured right at the
top as a sponsored curation and as long as
it's not porn or anything unethical
we don't censor anything we just will put you
through
then we'll read it and give you a human touch
curation for that and
that's completely free if you win it through
one of our giveaways and then we
have some other things that have come up that
we're gonna be doing we're also
considering doing a website that will feature
the curated digested content and
feature it on a website that's outside of
steemi and that's most of what I have to
talk about that's public right now so I'll
open up the questions or if anyone
wants a chat about it
@officialfuzzy: well I just wanted to say because of this and
I've been pretty pumped up
since I heard this since you told me what was
going on and that you've gotten to
this point and just because of the
progression so I'll just say if
anybody wants to go out and and kind of show
the progression through audio
parts from project BuildaWhalel on soundcloud
you can download them and
maybe I'll just post something about it for
like 300 beyondbit
reward or something to have people posts kind
of like let's get a
timeline auditive of audio clips for you
saying we have this much we have this
much we have this much you know maybe through
in a little song in the background
or something
@themarkymark: I'm sure  has already started
@officialfuzzy:  is pretty good man I'm sure that he can do it
if you ask him but I will gladly pitch in
toward it men to be honest it for
something like that I think these are the
types of things that if the
community showcases them this is your content
right its
downloadable by everybody you can go out and
download it it's raw you can
edit it to do whatever you want except
obviously lie and make it sound like
MarkyMark put his words together to say that
he kills goats on
mountaintops and eats their eyeballs or
something weird if you
@nicnas: terrified
@officialfuzzy: do that if you do that we'll probably come
after you
but other than that definitely verified but
first he dragon breaths them right
@nicnas: you
@officialfuzzy: but
@nicnas: hey also can I say something about
buildawhale I mean  is
amazing he's a great developer please
consider voting him for witness too I
@officialfuzzy: you
@nicnas: know he's not going to say it but he's doing
great things
and the whole field of the nodes and he's
trying to work with a lot of these
guys getting things fixed he's helping a lot
of people do their stuff but he's
not getting this to recognize enough for what
he does
so if you guys please vote for him for
witness his servers running
pretty well he knows what he's doing he's a
good good person for us on
Steemit and just to show some support
@themarkymark: thanks Nick appreciate that
@rideofpassion: yes and even whaleshares is endorsing its
witness campaign and we have been
@nicnas: you
@rideofpassion: promoting marky-mark with each of our post
from the past three days so we will
continue to do so for all the amazing work
hes trying to do
@themarkymark: thanks man appreciate that
@officialfuzzy: really quick markymark I need to ask you have
you done
anything with the website yet or are you
getting started on that
@themarkymark: no it's something I'm thinking about that one
of the problems is a canonical thing
is a duplicate content which becomes very
tricky because the whole advantage
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: would be for SEO reasons but Steemit
currently SEOs very well that's not
going to happen for long oh it's about to get
nerfed so putting on a separate
site wouldn't bring more traffic into Steemit
the problem is it's a
canonical issue because now you have the
content of each one you have to delegate
which one is supposed to be the origin of the
content and you do that with a
Google canonical tag so I have to figure out
like which way it probably
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: wanted to do the site or something like that
so the traffic would come there
then go in or something like that I haven't
figured out but it was something
I was thinking about I'm not sure if I'm
going to do it because it does create
two things in there unless there was another
reason for the site to gain
traffic or have people on it it doesn't serve
a ton of purposes but I was just
thinking of ways of getting people funneled
into steam it
@officialfuzzy: well we actually have the reason I bring this
up is we have it's it's not
finished but it's in MVP form for a
front-end website
we're gonna make it for US talk we're gonna
have it too
so quite literally you'll have the trending
content from there that
you can actually kind of have a news
visualization for the forums right
so you might be out you don't want to go
looking at the forums on your cell phone
but you can go and check and see what the
news site looks like and what's
going on right and you can actually break it
down into various tags and you
know have a primary tag with subtags
underneath it and all the
things go there and the reason why I bring
this up is in the
current form you might see that there's some
tools that you have access to in
there there and some code that you can
utilize and I've paid for it
I meanI need more people to probably work
with it anyway and I don't
mind if people take it and just it was
supposed to be open source from the very
beginning I just got the guy who started
building it was a very fun story that
you guys can go listen to the archive of at
any point in time looking back on
it its actually quite funny but it is
available if you're interested in
checking it over man you just have to be
obviously stubbornly persistent to make
sure I get you in connection with the guy
@themarkymark: is it code or is it actually a site that's
going up
@officialfuzzy: I believe that it was meant to
be able to be a wordpress plugin
@themarkymark: okay because that's where I would go,
WordPress, if I was gonna host it myself
because that's what I do
@officialfuzzy: yeah well that sounds like these two
things might marry together then pretty well
buddy
@themarkymark: you know take a look at it, the other thing I
wanted to mention is I posted a
@officialfuzzy: you sounds good
@themarkymark: link earlier with some of the nodes going on
today
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: thanks for the witness  I posted an image of
all the nodes that are down
right now and it's like 3 out of 5 are gone
right now and (preevix?) is fixing
things right now so they they did support all
the plugins
so they shut it down it's taking 6 to 12
hours to replay the blocks and I
still haven't seen an update of them coming
back online and I know a lot of
people use them like I was talking about
before how everything is centralized
with the witnesses in a full node, so I was
looking at doing it a full node that
would be public and I thought maybe we could
do a community one for Whaleshares
or something like that like Minnow support
did but I'm still thinking about
the technicalities of stuff like that, right
now I'm sitting on my second
witness so I have a failover and stuff like
that
@officialfuzzy: I think we talked a little about this art
together last night maybe it was gosh I've
been staying up so late doing stuff
the nights trail I think it was last night
that we talked but regarding the
full node that you're planning on running for
Steem
just make sure to let me know what you need
as far as how much it cost to run
and we can do that at least until you get a
witness you
@themarkymark: I will do
@officialfuzzy: know what I mean
anybody have any questions or comments we
have about 3 minutes left
@themarkymark: the witness is about fifty two hundred
dollars for the hardware then you have
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: to maintain it which is interesting once you
get high enough like I'm getting
high enough where it's kind of expected to
have a backup and then you need to
double that and then you need to have another
server that basically can remote
kill switch them preferably 2 so you're
looking at two to four servers
when you start getting it to the range that
I'm in
and right now you need a 16-gig server and
that's growing fairly fast well you
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: can get away with a smaller one but it's
12-gigs right now so it pretty much has
16 gigs right now and it'll be breaking that
which means you'll have to get a 32
gig which brings the price up a bit
@nutela: did they fix the memory map problem
@themarkymark: no but you're talking most likely about a
full node that requires 128 gigs
actually 104 but you're looking at 128-gig
server and most
people that are doing it to go for a 256 gig
server because 128 is not going to
last long so you're talking very limited
options when you start talking about
that calibre server because there's just not
many places that will host it, if you
do something like that like Rackspace which
is a triple-a hosting
company your looking over $1,000 yeah per
month and that's without any support or
@nutela: i per month or what
@themarkymark: redundancy or anything on that
@nutela: and so are the earnings based on the top
@themarkymark: there's absolutely no earnings for a full
node and that's what makes it suck
it's the most expensive server you can rent
256 is
insane and there's no benefit to the person
hosting it there is no financial
reward or anything
@nutela: that's really rare but so does the whole
blockchain need to be in memory than
@themarkymark: because the way it was designed what's not
really smart for scaling
and they worked on trying to fix that but
thanks for the witnessing
@nutela: that's always better to you know read it but
it's better to hear
it sounds more plausible
@themarkymark: yeah if you guys are wondering how I can tell
you who witness voted me like instantly
it's because I'm using a service called
steemwatch it will let you know if
somebody witness votes you and also let you
know if somebody unwitnessed votes
you and then it also will tell you if you get
notified in apost or
something like that, it has a few other
things like if someone posts or
something like that which it's kind of buggy
like setting it up once you have
the alerts set though it's good but actually
setting them up it takes a few
tries some times
@officialfuzzy: who makes steem watch
@themarkymark: I don't know I set it up a couple days ago
and I don't know who said it but I found
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: out about it from Tim clif but I was building
something similar that would
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: notify me through pushover about when I
change rank and so if somebody approves
me or something like that or I miss a block
or something like that
@alexpmorris: it's made by void
@officialfuzzy: but you see that's the problem that I have
with that name I don't know if
that's serious or if it's like saying
actually like it like kind of like null
@nutela: you should be a programmer fuzzzy
@themarkymark: yeah it's the user void I guess I'd even look
at who made it I just started
@nicnas: you
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: checking out because Tim cliff said it and
he's pretty damn cool
@alexpmorris: no it's real it's  I know it sounds funny but
that's actually his ID
@themarkymark: it does work awesome though but it is really
really buggy like when you go and say
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: this is the first thing I want to monitor it
takes forever to do it, it takes
like four or five tries thanks Khan Electric
for the vote
@officialfuzzy: well it seems like 15 minutes went by pretty
dang quickly on this but I will
say Marky it made me smile when you're like
I'm a
250-thousand Steem power buildawhale is now a
whale and I know and I
want to make this clear to everybody because
the Marky Mark the way he's
doing this is he's leasing steam power so
he's not doing this for his
own profit quite as much as he is to try to
make something that's extremely
valuable and intrinsically valuable and
putting money back into the pockets of
people who are doing things that are bringing
value so it's it's a very
important point I guess to bring up to
consider voting for him and I'll say
this he's watching you on steemwatch so if to
you vote him up he knows you
did buddy so anyway all jokes aside how do
they reach out to you Marky
Mark
@themarkymark: discord and steemit chat are where I usually
hang out and I could post a link for
the discord for BuildaWhale but if you just
tag me you'll find
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: me on most of the service thanks Nick that's
the unexpired one so
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: you just have to use it today
@nicnas: no that should be good forever
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: oh it is okay thought they had the same link
because I recognize the unexpirement
@nicnas: yeah that's the one that's on the posts
@themarkymark: okay cool
you know we are looking at doubling the steem
power soon if this thing works out
but right now it's not a profitable indenter
we're trying to see if we could
@officialfuzzy: you
@themarkymark: at least make it so we don't have to keep
funneling fire into this thing to
keep it to the next week
@officialfuzzy: good job man and these are the types of
things like whenever I'm
seeing what xanoxt is doing what voiceshares
is doing Marky Mark  these guys
have been coming here for quite some time now
and to be able to to watch the
seeds as they're planted start growing is
probably one of the biggest blessings
that these hangouts have offered me
personally and I'll just say
these are the types of things that rather
than focus on television and all
the negative stuff that's going on maybe just
maybe we can leverage this type of
stuff what we're doing here to create a new
model that shows people that they
don't need to watch the negative shit on
television and that maybe they can
actually create their own stories and archive
their own stories the good and the
bad and show it truthfully honestly and build
value and prove it and show the
world that you can go through troubling
difficult times and still emerge
stronger and victorious so with that said I
appreciate everybody who joins
the whale tank and I look forward to watching
you all become whales